README.md, before:

# kPhotos

kPhotos is an alternative to Google Photos, developed with Nuxt 3 and Vue.js. This application allows you to manage your files, photos, and videos intuitively and securely by accessing the Infomaniak Api.

## Demo

![Preview](/public/preview.gif)

## Prerequisites

- **Required token scopes:** user_info & drive

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) (version 16 or higher)
- [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/) or another package manager like Yarn, pnpm, or Bun.

## Features

- **Drive access**
- **File display:** View your files with details such as size, type, and modification date. Unlike the kDrive web application, this app retrieves all media from the drive (as the mobile app does) to display them in full, regrouped by dates.
- **Download:** Easily download your images and videos.
- **Advanced filters:** Filter your files by type, date, relevance, or order.
- **Multilingual support:** Interface available in multiple languages (coming soon).
- **Dark mode:** Switch between light and dark themes.
- **Security:** The token is stored server-side as httpOnly.

## Installation

Clone the repository and install dependencies:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/mateocarciu/kPhotos.git
```

```bash
cd kPhotos
```

```bash
yarn install
```

Start the development server:

```bash
yarn dev
```

Build for production:

```bash
yarn build
```

Preview the production build locally:

```bash
yarn preview
```

## Bugs ?

### Known Issues

- **Reversed Videos in Google Chrome:** Videos played in QuickTime within Google Chrome appear reversed. A quick fix involves applying a `transform` property.

- **Date Validation Error:** When filtering by custom dates using the parameters `modified_after=1746309600` and `modified_before=1746482400`, the following error occurs:

  ```json
  {
    "result": "error",
    "error": {
      "code": "validation_failed",
      "description": "Validation failed",
      "errors": [
        {
          "code": "validation_rule_before",
          "description": "The modified before must be a date before tomorrow.",
          "context": {
            "attribute": "modified_before"
          }
        }
      ]
    }
  }
  ```

  Example:

  ```bash
  date -r 1746309600
  Sun May 4 00:00:00 CEST 2025

  date -r 1746482400
  Tue May 6 00:00:00 CEST 2025
  ```

  Ensure that the `modified_before` parameter is set to a date earlier than tomorrow.

- **Set-Cookie Issue:** When setting the `secure` attribute of cookies to `true` in production, the cookies fail to work in Safari and Chrome, even if the site uses HTTPS. This might be related to domain configuration (`nuxt.dev`). As a temporary workaround, the `secure` attribute is set to `false`.

Commit message:

fix(readme): add future features

README.md, after:

# kPhotos

kPhotos is an alternative to Google Photos, developed with Nuxt 3 and Vue.js. This application allows you to manage your files, photos, and videos intuitively and securely by accessing the Infomaniak Api.

## Demo

![Preview](/public/preview.gif)

## Prerequisites

- **Required token scopes:** user_info & drive

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) (version 16 or higher)
- [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/) or another package manager like Yarn, pnpm, or Bun.

## Features

- **Drive access**
- **File display:** View your files with details such as size, type, and modification date. Unlike the kDrive web application, this app retrieves all media from the drive (as the mobile app does) to display them in full, regrouped by dates.
- **Download:** Easily download your images and videos.
- **Advanced filters:** Filter your files by type, date, relevance, or order.
- **Dark mode:** Switch between light and dark themes.
- **Security:** The token is stored server-side as httpOnly.

## Incoming features

- **Share:** Share files with others.
- **Acces specfices folders:** Access specific folders within your drive (not using /search).
- **Select:** Select multiple files for batch actions.
- **Favorites:** Mark files as favorites for easy access.
- **Delete:** Delete files from your drive.
- **Edit:** Edit files directly within the app.
- **Zoom:** Zoom in on images for a closer look.
- **Multilingual support:** Interface available in multiple languages.
- **Accessibility:** Improved accessibility features for better usability.

## Installation

Clone the repository and install dependencies:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/mateocarciu/kPhotos.git
```

```bash
cd kPhotos
```

```bash
yarn install
```

Start the development server:

```bash
yarn dev
```

Build for production:

```bash
yarn build
```

Preview the production build locally:

```bash
yarn preview
```

## Bugs ?

### Known Issues

- **Reversed Videos in Google Chrome:** Videos played in QuickTime within Google Chrome appear reversed. A quick fix involves applying a `transform` property.

- **Date Validation Error:** When filtering by custom dates using the parameters `modified_after=1746309600` and `modified_before=1746482400`, the following error occurs:

  ```json
  {
    "result": "error",
    "error": {
      "code": "validation_failed",
      "description": "Validation failed",
      "errors": [
        {
          "code": "validation_rule_before",
          "description": "The modified before must be a date before tomorrow.",
          "context": {
            "attribute": "modified_before"
          }
        }
      ]
    }
  }
  ```

  Example:

  ```bash
  date -r 1746309600
  Sun May 4 00:00:00 CEST 2025

  date -r 1746482400
  Tue May 6 00:00:00 CEST 2025
  ```

  Ensure that the `modified_before` parameter is set to a date earlier than tomorrow.

- **Set-Cookie Issue:** When setting the `secure` attribute of cookies to `true` in production, the cookies fail to work in Safari and Chrome, even if the site uses HTTPS. This might be related to domain configuration (`nuxt.dev`). As a temporary workaround, the `secure` attribute is set to `false`.
